README.md, before:

# Code Guardian

Claude Code plugins for documentation generation and security analysis.

## Plugins

### � docs - Documentation Generator
Automated technical documentation generation with DocBook agent.

### 🛡️ sec - Security Scanner  
Comprehensive security vulnerability scanner with Sentinel agent.

## Installation

### Add Marketplace
```bash
/plugin marketplace add d4rkNinja/code-guardian
```

### Install Plugins
```bash
# Documentation plugin
/plugin install docs@d4rkNinja

# Security plugin
/plugin install sec@d4rkNinja
```

## Usage

### Security Plugin
```bash
# Full security scan
/scan --full

# Scan dependencies only
/scan --deps

# Scan specific files
/scan --files "src/**/*.js"

# Critical issues only
/scan --severity critical
```

## Supported Technologies

Both plugins support 14 languages/frameworks:
- **Backend**: Node.js, Python, PHP, Go, Java, .NET, Rust
- **Frontend**: React, Vue.js, Next.js
- **Full-Stack**: NestJS
- **Mobile**: React Native

## Future Work

- [ ] Add more language-specific security patterns
- [ ] Integrate with CI/CD pipelines
- [ ] Add custom rule configuration
- [ ] Support for more frameworks
- [ ] Enhanced reporting formats
- [ ] Real-time vulnerability monitoring
- [ ] Team collaboration features
- [ ] Plugin marketplace submission

## License

MIT License - see [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

---

**Code Guardian** by [d4rkNinja](https://github.com/d4rkNinja)

Commit message:

refactor: Remove commands, use agents only with @agent-name syntax
- Removed sec-workspace/commands directory
- Updated plugin.json to remove commands reference
- Updated README with agent usage examples (@sentinel, @docbook)
- Simplified usage to agent-based interaction only

README.md, after:

# Code Guardian

Claude Code plugins for documentation generation and security analysis.

## Plugins

### � docs - Documentation Generator
Automated technical documentation generation with DocBook agent.

### 🛡️ sec - Security Scanner  
Comprehensive security vulnerability scanner with Sentinel agent.

## Installation

### Add Marketplace
```bash
/plugin marketplace add d4rkNinja/code-guardian
```

### Install Plugins
```bash
# Documentation plugin
/plugin install docs@d4rkNinja

# Security plugin
/plugin install sec@d4rkNinja
```

## Usage

### Using Agents

```bash
# Use Sentinel agent for security analysis
@sentinel "Analyze this codebase for security vulnerabilities"

# Scan specific file for vulnerabilities
@sentinel "Check src/auth/login.js for SQL injection vulnerabilities"

# Analyze dependencies
@sentinel "Scan package.json for vulnerable dependencies"

# Get security recommendations
@sentinel "What are the critical security issues in this project?"

# Use DocBook agent for documentation
@docbook "Generate technical documentation for this project"

# Document specific component
@docbook "Create API documentation for the user service"
```

## Supported Technologies

Both plugins support 14 languages/frameworks:
- **Backend**: Node.js, Python, PHP, Go, Java, .NET, Rust
- **Frontend**: React, Vue.js, Next.js
- **Full-Stack**: NestJS
- **Mobile**: React Native

## Future Work

- [ ] Add more language-specific security patterns
- [ ] Integrate with CI/CD pipelines
- [ ] Add custom rule configuration
- [ ] Support for more frameworks
- [ ] Enhanced reporting formats
- [ ] Real-time vulnerability monitoring
- [ ] Team collaboration features
- [ ] Plugin marketplace submission

## License

MIT License - see [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

---

**Code Guardian** by [d4rkNinja](https://github.com/d4rkNinja)
